Consent
=======

A FHIR `Contract` resource constitutes a consent document that can be rendered using a `ORKTaskViewController` view controller and can be signed with a patient reference.


Task View Controller
--------------------

To create a consenting task from a bundled consent called `Consent.json` and show it using an `ORKTaskViewController` you can do the following.
This will also use the bundled file `Consent_full.html` to show a custom HTML page in the _“Agree”_ step instead of auto-generating that page from all consent sections.

```swift
let controller = ConsentController(bundledContract: "Consent")
controller.options.reviewConsentDocument = "Consent_full"
let task = controller.createConsentTask()

let vc = ORKTaskViewController(task: task, taskRunUUID: NSUUID())
```

### Consent Sections

To represent consent sections that can be shown on screen, we instantiate each `Contract.term` element as a `ORKConsentSection`.
These sections are added to a `ORKConsentDocument`'s `section` property to represent the _"visual"_ consenting step.
The properties to use are:

- `type`: one of [`ORKConsentSectionType`](http://researchkit.org/docs/Constants/ORKConsentSectionType.html) (without the _ORKConsentSectionType_ part)
- `text`: the section's summary

Several ResearchKit-specific parameters require the use of an extension.
We use nested extensions under the parent URI `http://fhir-registry.smarthealthit.org/StructureDefinition/ORKConsentSection`.
The nested extensions are:

- `title`: A string representing the title of the section
- `image`: A string for an image name, included in the app bundle, that will be assigned the section's `customImage` property.
- `animation`: A string for a movie name, included in the app bundle, that will be assigned the section's `customAnimationURL` property.
- `htmlContent`: A string representing the full HTML content, to be shown when “Learn More” is tapped.
- `htmlContentFile`: A name of an HTML file (without file extension) that contains the HTML to be shown when “Learn More” is tapped.

Example:

```json
{
  "type": {
    "coding": [{
      "system": "http://researchkit.org/docs/Constants/ORKConsentSectionType.html",
      "code": "Privacy"
    }]
  },
  "extension": [{
    "url": "http://fhir-registry.smarthealthit.org/StructureDefinition/ORKConsentSection",
    "extension": [{
      "url": "title",
      "valueString": "Privacy"
    },
    {
      "url": "htmlContentFile",
      "valueString": "5_privacyprotection"
    }]
  }],
  "text": "Your data will be sent to a secure database, ..."
}
```


### Sharing Options

To populate the team name used when the user is asked if he's willing to share his data with qualified researchers worldwide or just the study researchers, the `authority.name` property of the Contract is consulted.

> At this time this must be an _Organization_ element that is contained in the contract.


Signing
-------

A signed `Contract` resource can be generated by providing a Patient resource.
Using the `DeIdentifier` and `Geocoder` included in this framework, a de-identified Patient resource will be created alongside the Contract.

```swift
let server = <# SMART client #>.server
consentController = ConsentController()       // ivar on e.g. the App Delegate
consentController!.deIdentifyAndSignConsentWithPatient(patient, date: NSDate()) { contract, patient, error in
    patient._server = server
    patient.update() { error in     // cannot use `create` as an ID was assigned
        if let error = error {
            println("Error creating patient: \(error)")
        }
        else {
            contract.create(server) { error in
                if let error = error {
                    println("Error creating contract: \(error)")
                }
            }
        }
    }
}
```
